Update deploy-to-testnet.md (#513)
polkadot-developers/polkadot-docs: tutorials/polkadot-sdk/parachains/zero-to-hero/deploy-to-testnet.md

- **Plain chain spec** - a human-readable JSON file that can be modified to suit your parachain's requirements. It serves as a template for initial configuration and includes human-readable keys and structures
- **Raw chain spec** - a binary-encoded file used to start your parachain node. This file is generated from the plain chain spec and contains the encoded information necessary for the parachain node to synchronize with the blockchain network. It ensures compatibility across different runtime versions by providing data in a format directly interpretable by the node's runtime, regardless of upgrades since the chain's genesis

> The chain spec file is only required during the initial blockchain creation (genesis). You do not need to generate a new chain spec when performing runtime upgrades after your chain is already running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The chain spec file is only required during the initial blockchain creation (genesis). You do not need to generate a new chain spec when performing runtime upgrades after your chain is already running.

```

- **Plain chain spec** - a human-readable JSON file that can be modified to suit your parachain's requirements. It serves as a template for initial configuration and includes human-readable keys and structures
- **Raw chain spec** - a binary-encoded file used to start your parachain node. This file is generated from the plain chain spec and contains the encoded information necessary for the parachain node to synchronize with the blockchain network. It ensures compatibility across different runtime versions by providing data in a format directly interpretable by the node's runtime, regardless of upgrades since the chain's genesis

>     !!!tip
>         The chain spec is only used for genesis, when you start the chain for the first time. If you are doing runtime upgrades in the future, you do not need to generate a new chain spec.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The chain spec file is only required during the initial blockchain creation (genesis). You do not need to generate a new chain spec when performing runtime upgrades after your chain is already running.
```
